@comment $NetBSD$
bin/ccmake
bin/cmake
bin/cpack
bin/ctest
share/aclocal/cmake.m4
share/bash-completion/completions/cmake
share/bash-completion/completions/cpack
share/bash-completion/completions/ctest
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_compile_definitions.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_compile_options.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_custom_command.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_custom_target.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_definitions.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_dependencies.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_executable.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_library.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_link_options.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_subdirectory.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/add_test.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/aux_source_directory.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/block.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/break.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/build_command.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/build_name.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/cmake_file_api.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/cmake_host_system_information.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/cmake_instrumentation.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/cmake_language.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/cmake_minimum_required.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/cmake_parse_arguments.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/cmake_path.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/cmake_pkg_config.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/cmake_policy.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/configure_file.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/continue.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/create_test_sourcelist.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_build.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_configure.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_coverage.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_empty_binary_directory.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_memcheck.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_read_custom_files.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_run_script.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_sleep.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_start.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_submit.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_test.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_update.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/ctest_upload.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/define_property.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/else.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/elseif.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/enable_language.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/enable_testing.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/endblock.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/endforeach.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/endfunction.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/endif.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/endmacro.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/endwhile.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/exec_program.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/execute_process.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/export.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/export_library_dependencies.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/file.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/find_file.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/find_library.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/find_package.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/find_path.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/find_program.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/fltk_wrap_ui.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/foreach.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/function.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/get_cmake_property.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/get_directory_property.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/get_filename_component.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/get_property.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/get_source_file_property.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/get_target_property.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/get_test_property.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/if.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/DEPRECATED_POLICY_VERSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/DEVICE_LINK_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/FIND_XXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/FIND_XXX_ORDER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/FIND_XXX_REGISTRY_VIEW.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/FIND_XXX_ROOT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/GENEX_NOTE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/LINK_LIBRARIES_LINKER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/LINK_OPTIONS_LINKER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/OPTIONS_SHELL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/POLICY_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/SUPPORTED_LANGUAGES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include/UNSET_NOTE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include_directories.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include_external_msproject.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include_guard.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/include_regular_expression.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/install.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/install_files.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/install_programs.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/install_targets.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/link_directories.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/link_libraries.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/list.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/load_cache.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/load_command.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/macro.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/make_directory.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/mark_as_advanced.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/math.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/message.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/option.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/output_required_files.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/project.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/qt_wrap_cpp.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/qt_wrap_ui.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/remove.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/remove_definitions.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/return.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/separate_arguments.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/set.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/set_directory_properties.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/set_property.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/set_source_files_properties.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/set_target_properties.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/set_tests_properties.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/site_name.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/source_group.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/string.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/subdir_depends.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/subdirs.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/target_compile_definitions.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/target_compile_features.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/target_compile_options.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/target_include_directories.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/target_link_directories.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/target_link_libraries.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/target_link_options.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/target_precompile_headers.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/target_sources.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/try_compile.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/try_run.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/unset.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/use_mangled_mesa.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/utility_source.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/variable_requires.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/variable_watch.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/while.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/command/write_file.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/archive.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/bundle.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/cygwin.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/deb.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/dmg.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/external.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/freebsd.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/ifw.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/innosetup.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/nsis.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/nuget.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/packagemaker.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/productbuild.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/rpm.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/cpack_gen/wix.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/ADSP_ROOT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/ASM_DIALECT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/ASM_DIALECTFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CCMAKE_COLORS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CLICOLOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CLICOLOR_FORCE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_APPBUNDLE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_APPLE_SILICON_PROCESSOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_BUILD_PARALLEL_LEVEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_COLOR_DIAGNOSTICS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_CONFIG_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_CONFIG_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_CROSSCOMPILING_EMULATOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_EXPORT_BUILD_DATABASE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_FRAMEWORK_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_GENERATOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_GENERATOR_INSTANCE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_GENERATOR_TOOLSET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_INCLUDE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_INSTALL_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_INSTALL_PARALLEL_LEVEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_LAUNCHER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_LANG_IMPLICIT_LINK_DIRECTORIES_EXCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_LANG_IMPLICIT_LINK_LIBRARIES_EXCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_LANG_LINKER_LAUNCHER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_LIBRARY_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_MAXIMUM_RECURSION_DEPTH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_MSVCIDE_RUN_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_NO_VERBOSE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_OSX_ARCHITECTURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_POLICY_VERSION_MINIMUM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_PROGRAM_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_TEST_LAUNCHER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_TLS_VERIFY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_TLS_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CSFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CTEST_INTERACTIVE_DEBUG_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CTEST_NO_TESTS_ACTION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CTEST_OUTPUT_ON_FAILURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CTEST_PARALLEL_LEVEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CTEST_PROGRESS_OUTPUT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CTEST_USE_INSTRUMENTATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CTEST_USE_LAUNCHERS_DEFAULT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CTEST_USE_VERBOSE_INSTRUMENTATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CUDAARCHS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CUDACXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CUDAFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CUDAHOSTCXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/CXXFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/DASHBOARD_TEST_FROM_CTEST.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/DESTDIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/FC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/FFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/HIPCXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/HIPFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/HIPHOSTCXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/ISPC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/ISPCFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/LDFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/NO_COLOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/OBJC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/OBJCFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/OBJCXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/OBJCXXFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/PackageName_ROOT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/RC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/RCFLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/SSL_CERT_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/SSL_CERT_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/SWIFTC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/VERBOSE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/include/ENV_VAR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/envvar/include/LANG_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Borland Makefiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/CodeBlocks.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/CodeLite.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Eclipse CDT4.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Green Hills MULTI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Kate.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/MSYS Makefiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/MinGW Makefiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/NMake Makefiles JOM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/NMake Makefiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Ninja Multi-Config.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Ninja.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Sublime Text 2.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Unix Makefiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 10 2010.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 11 2012.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 12 2013.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 14 2015.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 15 2017.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 16 2019.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 17 2022.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 6.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 7 .NET 2003.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 8 2005.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Visual Studio 9 2008.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Watcom WMake.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/Xcode.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/include/VS_TOOLSET_HOST_ARCH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/generator/include/VS_TOOLSET_HOST_ARCH_LEGACY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/include/COMPILE_DEFINITIONS_DISCLAIMER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/include/INTERFACE_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES_WARNING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/include/INTERFACE_LINK_LIBRARIES_WARNING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/index.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/CTEST_EXAMPLE_MAKEFILE_JOB_SERVER.make
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/ccmake.1.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-buildsystem.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-commands.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-compile-features.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-configure-log.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-cxxmodules.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-developer.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-env-variables.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-file-api.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-generator-expressions.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-generators.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-gui.1.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-instrumentation.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-language.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-modules.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-packages.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-policies.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-presets.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-properties.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-qt.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-server.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-toolchains.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake-variables.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cmake.1.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cpack-generators.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/cpack.1.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/ctest.1.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/ctest/show-only-schema.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/include/ID_RESERVE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/include/LINKS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/include/OPTIONS_BUILD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/include/OPTIONS_HELP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/presets/example.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/manual/presets/schema.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/AddFileDependencies.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/AndroidTestUtilities.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/BundleUtilities.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeAddFortranSubdirectory.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeBackwardCompatibilityCXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeDependentOption.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeDetermineVSServicePack.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeExpandImportedTargets.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeFindDependencyMacro.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeFindFrameworks.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeFindPackageMode.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeForceCompiler.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeGraphVizOptions.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakePackageConfigHelpers.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeParseArguments.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakePrintHelpers.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakePrintSystemInformation.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakePushCheckState.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CMakeVerifyManifest.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPack.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackArchive.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackBundle.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackComponent.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackCygwin.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackDMG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackDeb.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackFreeBSD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackIFW.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackIFWConfigureFile.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackNSIS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackNuGet.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackProductBuild.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackRPM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CPackWIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CSharpUtilities.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CTest.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CTestCoverageCollectGCOV.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CTestScriptMode.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CTestUseLaunchers.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckCCompilerFlag.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckCSourceCompiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckCSourceRuns.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckCXXCompilerFlag.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckCXXSourceCompiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckCXXSourceRuns.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckCXXSymbolExists.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckCompilerFlag.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckFortranCompilerFlag.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckFortranFunctionExists.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckFortranSourceCompiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckFortranSourceRuns.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckFunctionExists.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckIPOSupported.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckIncludeFile.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckIncludeFileCXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckIncludeFiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckLanguage.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckLibraryExists.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckLinkerFlag.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckOBJCCompilerFlag.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckOBJCSourceCompiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckOBJCSourceRuns.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckOBJCXXCompilerFlag.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckOBJCXXSourceCompiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckOBJCXXSourceRuns.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckPIESupported.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckPrototypeDefinition.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckSourceCompiles.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckSourceRuns.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckStructHasMember.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckSymbolExists.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckTypeSize.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/CheckVariableExists.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/Dart.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/DeployQt4.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/Documentation.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/ExternalData.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/ExternalProject.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FeatureSummary.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FetchContent.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindALSA.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindASPELL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindAVIFile.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindArmadillo.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindBISON.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindBLAS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindBZip2.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindBacktrace.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindBoost.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindBullet.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCUDA.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCUDAToolkit.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCURL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCVS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCoin3D.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCups.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCurses.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCxxTest.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindCygwin.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindDCMTK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindDart.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindDevIL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindDoxygen.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindEXPAT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindEnvModules.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindFLEX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindFLTK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindFLTK2.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindFontconfig.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindFreetype.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGCCXML.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGDAL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGIF.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGLEW.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGLUT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGSL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGTK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGTK2.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGTest.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGettext.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGit.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGnuTLS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindGnuplot.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindHDF5.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindHSPELL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindHTMLHelp.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindHg.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindICU.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindITK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindIce.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindIconv.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindIcotool.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindImageMagick.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindIntl.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindJNI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindJPEG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindJasper.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindJava.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindKDE3.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindKDE4.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLAPACK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLATEX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLTTngUST.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLibArchive.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLibLZMA.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLibXml2.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLibXslt.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLibinput.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLua.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLua50.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindLua51.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindMFC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindMPEG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindMPEG2.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindMPI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindMatlab.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindMotif.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindMsys.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindODBC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindOpenACC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindOpenAL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindOpenCL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindOpenGL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindOpenMP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindOpenSP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindOpenSSL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindOpenSceneGraph.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindOpenThreads.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPHP4.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPNG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPackageHandleStandardArgs.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPackageMessage.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPatch.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPerl.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPerlLibs.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPhysFS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPike.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPkgConfig.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPostgreSQL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindProducer.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindProtobuf.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPython.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPython2.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPython3.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPythonInterp.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindPythonLibs.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindQt.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindQt3.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindQt4.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindQuickTime.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindRTI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindRuby.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSDL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSDL_gfx.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSDL_image.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSDL_mixer.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSDL_net.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSDL_sound.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSDL_ttf.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSQLite3.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSWIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSelfPackers.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSquish.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindSubversion.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindTCL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindTIFF.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindTclStub.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindTclsh.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindThreads.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindUnixCommands.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindVTK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindVulkan.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindWget.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindWish.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindX11.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindXCTest.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindXMLRPC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindXalanC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindXercesC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindZLIB.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/Findosg.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgAnimation.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgDB.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgFX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgGA.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgIntrospection.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgManipulator.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgParticle.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgPresentation.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgProducer.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgQt.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgShadow.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgSim.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgTerrain.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgText.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgUtil.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgViewer.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgVolume.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindosgWidget.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/Findosg_functions.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindwxWidgets.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FindwxWindows.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/FortranCInterface.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/GNUInstallDirs.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/GenerateExportHeader.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/GetPrerequisites.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/GoogleTest.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/InstallRequiredSystemLibraries.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/MacroAddFileDependencies.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/ProcessorCount.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/SelectLibraryConfigurations.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/SquishTestScript.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/TestBigEndian.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/TestCXXAcceptsFlag.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/TestForANSIForScope.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/TestForANSIStreamHeaders.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/TestForSSTREAM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/TestForSTDNamespace.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/UseEcos.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/UseJava.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/UseJavaClassFilelist.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/UseJavaSymlinks.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/UsePkgConfig.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/UseSWIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/Use_wxWindows.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/UsewxWidgets.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/WriteBasicConfigVersionFile.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/WriteCompilerDetectionHeader.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/include/CMAKE_REQUIRED_DEFINITIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/include/CMAKE_REQUIRED_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/include/CMAKE_REQUIRED_INCLUDES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/include/CMAKE_REQUIRED_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/include/CMAKE_REQUIRED_LINK_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/include/CMAKE_REQUIRED_LINK_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/include/CMAKE_REQUIRED_QUIET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/module/include/CMAKE_TRY_COMPILE_TARGET_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0000.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0001.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0002.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0003.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0004.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0005.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0006.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0007.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0008.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0009.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0010.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0011.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0012.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0013.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0014.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0015.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0016.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0017.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0018.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0019.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0020.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0021.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0022.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0023.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0024.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0025.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0026.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0027.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0028.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0029.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0030.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0031.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0032.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0033.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0034.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0035.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0036.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0037.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0038.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0039.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0040.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0041.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0042.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0043.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0044.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0045.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0046.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0047.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0048.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0049.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0050.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0051.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0052.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0053.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0054.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0055.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0056.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0057.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0058.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0059.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0060.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0061.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0062.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0063.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0064.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0065.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0066.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0067.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0068.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0069.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0070.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0071.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0072.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0073.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0074.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0075.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0076.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0077.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0078.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0079.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0080.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0081.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0082.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0083.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0084.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0085.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0086.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0087.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0088.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0089.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0090.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0091.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0092.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0093.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0094.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0095.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0096.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0097.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0098.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0099.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0100.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0101.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0102.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0103.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0104.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0105.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0106.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0107.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0108.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0109.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0110.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0111.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0112.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0113.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0114.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0115.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0116.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0117.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0118.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0119.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0120.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0121.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0122.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0123.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0124.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0125.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0126.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0127.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0128.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0129.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0130.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0131.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0132.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0133.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0134.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0135.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0136.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0137.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0138.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0139.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0140.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0141.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0142.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0143.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0144.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0145.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0146.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0147.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0148.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0149.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0150.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0151.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0152.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0153.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0154.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0155.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0156.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0157.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0158.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0159.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0160.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0161.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0162.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0163.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0164.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0165.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0166.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0167.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0168.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0169.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0170.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0171.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0172.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0173.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0174.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0175.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0176.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0177.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0178.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0179.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0180.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0181.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0182.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0183.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0184.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0185.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0186.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0187.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0188.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0189.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0190.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0191.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0192.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0193.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0194.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0195.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0196.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/CMP0197.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/include/DEPRECATED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/include/DISALLOWED_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/include/REMOVED_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/include/REMOVED_EPILOGUE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/include/REMOVED_PROLOGUE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/policy/include/STANDARD_ADVICE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_cache/ADVANCED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_cache/HELPSTRING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_cache/MODIFIED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_cache/STRINGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_cache/TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_cache/VALUE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/ADDITIONAL_CLEAN_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/ADDITIONAL_MAKE_CLEAN_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/BINARY_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/BUILDSYSTEM_TARGETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/CACHE_VARIABLES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/CLEAN_NO_CUSTOM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/CMAKE_CONFIGURE_DEPENDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/COMPILE_DEFINITIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/COMPILE_DEFINITIONS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/COMPILE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/DEFINITIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/IMPLICIT_DEPENDS_INCLUDE_TRANSFORM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/IMPORTED_TARGETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/INCLUDE_REGULAR_EXPRESSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/LABELS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/LINK_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/LINK_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/LISTFILE_STACK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/MACROS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/PARENT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/RULE_LAUNCH_COMPILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/RULE_LAUNCH_CUSTOM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/RULE_LAUNCH_LINK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/SOURCE_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/SUBDIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/SYSTEM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/TESTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/TEST_INCLUDE_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/TEST_INCLUDE_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/VARIABLES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/VS_GLOBAL_SECTION_POST_section.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/VS_GLOBAL_SECTION_PRE_section.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/VS_SOLUTION_ITEMS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_dir/VS_STARTUP_PROJECT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/ALLOW_DUPLICATE_CUSTOM_TARGETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/AUTOGEN_SOURCE_GROUP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/AUTOGEN_TARGETS_FOLDER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/AUTOMOC_SOURCE_GROUP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/AUTOMOC_TARGETS_FOLDER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/AUTORCC_SOURCE_GROUP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/AUTOUIC_SOURCE_GROUP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/CMAKE_CUDA_KNOWN_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/CMAKE_CXX_KNOWN_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/CMAKE_C_KNOWN_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/CMAKE_HIP_KNOWN_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/CMAKE_ROLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/DEBUG_CONFIGURATIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/DISABLED_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/ECLIPSE_EXTRA_CPROJECT_CONTENTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/ECLIPSE_EXTRA_NATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/ENABLED_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/ENABLED_LANGUAGES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/FIND_LIBRARY_USE_LIB32_PATHS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/FIND_LIBRARY_USE_LIB64_PATHS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/FIND_LIBRARY_USE_LIBX32_PATHS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/FIND_LIBRARY_USE_OPENBSD_VERSIONING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/GENERATOR_IS_MULTI_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/GLOBAL_DEPENDS_DEBUG_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/GLOBAL_DEPENDS_NO_CYCLES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/INSTALL_PARALLEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/IN_TRY_COMPILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/JOB_POOLS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/PACKAGES_FOUND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/PACKAGES_NOT_FOUND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/PREDEFINED_TARGETS_FOLDER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/PROPAGATE_TOP_LEVEL_INCLUDES_TO_TRY_COMPILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/REPORT_UNDEFINED_PROPERTIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/RULE_LAUNCH_COMPILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/RULE_LAUNCH_CUSTOM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/RULE_LAUNCH_LINK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/RULE_MESSAGES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/TARGET_ARCHIVES_MAY_BE_SHARED_LIBS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/TARGET_MESSAGES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/TARGET_SUPPORTS_SHARED_LIBS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/USE_FOLDERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/XCODE_EMIT_EFFECTIVE_PLATFORM_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_gbl/include/CMAKE_LANG_STD_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_inst/CPACK_DESKTOP_SHORTCUTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_inst/CPACK_NEVER_OVERWRITE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_inst/CPACK_PERMANENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_inst/CPACK_STARTUP_SHORTCUTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_inst/CPACK_START_MENU_SHORTCUTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_inst/CPACK_WIX_ACL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/ABSTRACT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/AUTORCC_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/AUTOUIC_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/COMPILE_DEFINITIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/COMPILE_DEFINITIONS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/COMPILE_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/COMPILE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/CXX_SCAN_FOR_MODULES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/EXTERNAL_OBJECT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/Fortran_FORMAT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/Fortran_PREPROCESS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/GENERATED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/HEADER_FILE_ONLY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/KEEP_EXTENSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/LABELS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/LANGUAGE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/LOCATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/MACOSX_PACKAGE_LOCATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/OBJECT_DEPENDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/OBJECT_OUTPUTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/SKIP_AUTOGEN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/SKIP_AUTOMOC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/SKIP_AUTORCC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/SKIP_AUTOUIC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/SKIP_LINTING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/SKIP_PRECOMPILE_HEADERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/SKIP_UNITY_BUILD_INCLUSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/SYMBOLIC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/Swift_DEPENDENCIES_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/Swift_DIAGNOSTICS_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/UNITY_GROUP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_COPY_TO_OUT_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_CSHARP_tagname.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_CUSTOM_COMMAND_DISABLE_PARALLEL_BUILD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_DEPLOYMENT_CONTENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_DEPLOYMENT_LOCATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_INCLUDE_IN_VSIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_RESOURCE_GENERATOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SETTINGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SHADER_DISABLE_OPTIMIZATIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SHADER_ENABLE_DEBUG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SHADER_ENTRYPOINT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SHADER_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SHADER_MODEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SHADER_OBJECT_FILE_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SHADER_OUTPUT_HEADER_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SHADER_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_SHADER_VARIABLE_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_TOOL_OVERRIDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/VS_XAML_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/WRAP_EXCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/XCODE_EXPLICIT_FILE_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/XCODE_FILE_ATTRIBUTES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_sf/XCODE_LAST_KNOWN_FILE_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/ATTACHED_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/ATTACHED_FILES_ON_FAIL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/COST.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/DEPENDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/DISABLED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/ENVIRONMENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/ENVIRONMENT_MODIFICATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/FAIL_REGULAR_EXPRESSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/FIXTURES_CLEANUP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/FIXTURES_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/FIXTURES_SETUP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/GENERATED_RESOURCE_SPEC_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/LABELS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/MEASUREMENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/PASS_REGULAR_EXPRESSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/PROCESSORS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/PROCESSOR_AFFINITY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/REQUIRED_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/RESOURCE_GROUPS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/RESOURCE_LOCK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/RUN_SERIAL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/SKIP_REGULAR_EXPRESSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/SKIP_RETURN_CODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/TIMEOUT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/TIMEOUT_AFTER_MATCH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/TIMEOUT_SIGNAL_GRACE_PERIOD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/TIMEOUT_SIGNAL_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/WILL_FAIL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_test/WORKING_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ADDITIONAL_CLEAN_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AIX_EXPORT_ALL_SYMBOLS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AIX_SHARED_LIBRARY_ARCHIVE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ALIASED_TARGET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ALIAS_GLOBAL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_ANT_ADDITIONAL_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_API.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_API_MIN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_ARCH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_ASSETS_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_GUI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_JAR_DEPENDENCIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_JAR_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_JAVA_SOURCE_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_NATIVE_LIB_DEPENDENCIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_NATIVE_LIB_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_PROCESS_MAX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_PROGUARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_PROGUARD_CONFIG_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_SECURE_PROPS_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_SKIP_ANT_STEP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ANDROID_STL_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ARCHIVE_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ARCHIVE_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ARCHIVE_OUTPUT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ARCHIVE_OUTPUT_NAME_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOGEN_BETTER_GRAPH_MULTI_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOGEN_BUILD_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOGEN_COMMAND_LINE_LENGTH_MAX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOGEN_ORIGIN_DEPENDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOGEN_PARALLEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOGEN_TARGET_DEPENDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOGEN_USE_SYSTEM_INCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOMOC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOMOC_COMPILER_PREDEFINES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOMOC_DEPEND_FILTERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOMOC_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOMOC_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOMOC_MACRO_NAMES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOMOC_MOC_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOMOC_PATH_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTORCC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTORCC_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTORCC_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOUIC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOUIC_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOUIC_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/AUTOUIC_SEARCH_PATHS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/BINARY_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/BUILD_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/BUILD_RPATH_USE_ORIGIN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/BUILD_WITH_INSTALL_NAME_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/BUILD_WITH_INSTALL_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/BUNDLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/BUNDLE_EXTENSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMMON_LANGUAGE_RUNTIME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_BOOL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_NUMBER_MAX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_NUMBER_MIN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_STRING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_DEFINITIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_DEFINITIONS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_PDB_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_PDB_NAME_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_PDB_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_PDB_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/COMPILE_WARNING_AS_ERROR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CONFIG_OUTPUT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CONFIG_POSTFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CROSSCOMPILING_EMULATOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_ARCHITECTURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_CUBIN_COMPILATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_FATBIN_COMPILATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_OPTIX_COMPILATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_PTX_COMPILATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_RESOLVE_DEVICE_SYMBOLS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_SEPARABLE_COMPILATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CUDA_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_MODULE_DIRS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_MODULE_DIRS_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_MODULE_SET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_MODULE_SETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_MODULE_SET_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_MODULE_STD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_SCAN_FOR_MODULES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/C_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/C_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/C_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DEBUGGER_WORKING_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DEBUG_POSTFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DEFINE_SYMBOL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DEPLOYMENT_ADDITIONAL_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DEPLOYMENT_REMOTE_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DEPRECATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DISABLE_PRECOMPILE_HEADERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DLL_NAME_WITH_SOVERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DOTNET_SDK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DOTNET_TARGET_FRAMEWORK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/DOTNET_TARGET_FRAMEWORK_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ENABLE_EXPORTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EXCLUDE_FROM_DEFAULT_BUILD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EXCLUDE_FROM_DEFAULT_BUILD_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EXPORT_BUILD_DATABASE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EXPORT_FIND_PACKAGE_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EXPORT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EXPORT_NO_SYSTEM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EXPORT_PROPERTIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/EchoString.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/FOLDER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/FRAMEWORK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/FRAMEWORK_MULTI_CONFIG_POSTFIX_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/FRAMEWORK_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Fortran_BUILDING_INSTRINSIC_MODULES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Fortran_BUILDING_INTRINSIC_MODULES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Fortran_FORMAT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Fortran_MODULE_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Fortran_PREPROCESS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/GENERATOR_FILE_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/GHS_INTEGRITY_APP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/GHS_NO_SOURCE_GROUP_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/GNUtoMS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HAS_CXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HEADER_DIRS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HEADER_DIRS_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HEADER_SET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HEADER_SETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HEADER_SET_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HIP_ARCHITECTURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HIP_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HIP_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/HIP_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPLICIT_DEPENDS_INCLUDE_TRANSFORM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_COMMON_LANGUAGE_RUNTIME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_CONFIGURATIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_CXX_MODULES_COMPILE_DEFINITIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_CXX_MODULES_COMPILE_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_CXX_MODULES_COMPILE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_CXX_MODULES_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_CXX_MODULES_LINK_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_GLOBAL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_IMPLIB.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_IMPLIB_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LIBNAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LIBNAME_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LINK_DEPENDENT_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LINK_DEPENDENT_LIBRARIES_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LINK_INTERFACE_LANGUAGES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LINK_INTERFACE_LANGUAGES_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LINK_INTERFACE_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LINK_INTERFACE_LIBRARIES_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LINK_INTERFACE_MULTIPLICITY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LINK_INTERFACE_MULTIPLICITY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LOCATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_LOCATION_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_NO_SONAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_NO_SONAME_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_NO_SYSTEM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_OBJECTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_OBJECTS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_SONAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORTED_SONAME_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORT_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IMPORT_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INSTALL_NAME_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INSTALL_REMOVE_ENVIRONMENT_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INSTALL_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INSTALL_RPATH_USE_LINK_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_AUTOMOC_MACRO_NAMES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_AUTOUIC_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_COMPILE_DEFINITIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_COMPILE_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_COMPILE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_CXX_MODULE_SETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_HEADER_SETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_HEADER_SETS_TO_VERIFY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_LINK_DEPENDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_LINK_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_LINK_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_LINK_LIBRARIES_DIRECT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_LINK_LIBRARIES_DIRECT_EXCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_LINK_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_PRECOMPILE_HEADERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_SOURCES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERFACE_SYSTEM_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/IOS_INSTALL_COMBINED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ISPC_HEADER_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ISPC_HEADER_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/ISPC_INSTRUCTION_SETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/JOB_POOL_COMPILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/JOB_POOL_LINK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/JOB_POOL_PRECOMPILE_HEADER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LABELS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_CLANG_TIDY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_CLANG_TIDY_EXPORT_FIXES_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_COMPILER_LAUNCHER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_CPPCHECK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_CPPLINT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_ICSTAT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_INCLUDE_WHAT_YOU_USE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_LINKER_LAUNCHER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LANG_VISIBILITY_PRESET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LIBRARY_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LIBRARY_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LIBRARY_OUTPUT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LIBRARY_OUTPUT_NAME_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINKER_LANGUAGE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINKER_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_DEPENDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_DEPENDS_NO_SHARED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_FLAGS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_INTERFACE_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_INTERFACE_LIBRARIES_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_INTERFACE_MULTIPLICITY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_INTERFACE_MULTIPLICITY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_LIBRARIES_ONLY_TARGETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_LIBRARIES_STRATEGY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_LIBRARY_OVERRIDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_LIBRARY_OVERRIDE_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_SEARCH_END_STATIC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_SEARCH_START_STATIC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_WARNING_AS_ERROR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LINK_WHAT_YOU_USE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LOCATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/LOCATION_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MACHO_COMPATIBILITY_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MACHO_CURRENT_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MACOSX_BUNDLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MACOSX_BUNDLE_INFO_PLIST.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MACOSX_FRAMEWORK_INFO_PLIST.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MACOSX_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MANUALLY_ADDED_DEPENDENCIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MAP_IMPORTED_CONFIG_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MSVC_DEBUG_INFORMATION_FORMAT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MSVC_RUNTIME_CHECKS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/MSVC_RUNTIME_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/NO_SONAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/NO_SYSTEM_FROM_IMPORTED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OBJCXX_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OBJCXX_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OBJCXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OBJC_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OBJC_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OBJC_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OPTIMIZE_DEPENDENCIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OSX_ARCHITECTURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OSX_ARCHITECTURES_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OUTPUT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/OUTPUT_NAME_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PCH_INSTANTIATE_TEMPLATES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PCH_WARN_INVALID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PDB_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PDB_NAME_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PDB_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PDB_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/POST_INSTALL_SCRIPT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PRECOMPILE_HEADERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PRECOMPILE_HEADERS_REUSE_FROM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PRE_INSTALL_SCRIPT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PRIVATE_HEADER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PROJECT_LABEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/PUBLIC_HEADER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/RESOURCE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/RULE_LAUNCH_COMPILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/RULE_LAUNCH_CUSTOM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/RULE_LAUNCH_LINK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/RUNTIME_OUTPUT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/RUNTIME_OUTPUT_NAME_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/SKIP_BUILD_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/SOURCES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/SOURCE_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/SOVERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/SPDX_LICENSE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/STATIC_LIBRARY_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/STATIC_LIBRARY_FLAGS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/STATIC_LIBRARY_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/SYSTEM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Swift_COMPILATION_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Swift_DEPENDENCIES_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Swift_LANGUAGE_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Swift_MODULE_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/Swift_MODULE_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/TEST_LAUNCHER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/TRANSITIVE_COMPILE_PROPERTIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/TRANSITIVE_LINK_PROPERTIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/UNITY_BUILD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/UNITY_BUILD_BATCH_SIZE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/UNITY_BUILD_CODE_AFTER_INCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/UNITY_BUILD_CODE_BEFORE_INCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/UNITY_BUILD_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/UNITY_BUILD_RELOCATABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/UNITY_BUILD_UNIQUE_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VERIFY_INTERFACE_HEADER_SETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VISIBILITY_INLINES_HIDDEN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_CONFIGURATION_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DEBUGGER_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DEBUGGER_COMMAND_ARGUMENTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DEBUGGER_ENVIRONMENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DEBUGGER_WORKING_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DESKTOP_EXTENSIONS_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DOTNET_DOCUMENTATION_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DOTNET_REFERENCEPROP_refname_TAG_tagname.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DOTNET_REFERENCES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DOTNET_REFERENCES_COPY_LOCAL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DOTNET_REFERENCE_refname.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DOTNET_STARTUP_OBJECT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DOTNET_TARGET_FRAMEWORK_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_DPI_AWARE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_FILTER_PROPS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_FRAMEWORK_REFERENCES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_GLOBAL_KEYWORD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_GLOBAL_PROJECT_TYPES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_GLOBAL_ROOTNAMESPACE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_GLOBAL_variable.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_IOT_EXTENSIONS_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_IOT_STARTUP_TASK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_JUST_MY_CODE_DEBUGGING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_KEYWORD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_MOBILE_EXTENSIONS_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_NO_COMPILE_BATCHING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_NO_SOLUTION_DEPLOY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_PACKAGE_REFERENCES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_PLATFORM_TOOLSET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_PROJECT_IMPORT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_SCC_AUXPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_SCC_LOCALPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_SCC_PROJECTNAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_SCC_PROVIDER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_SDK_REFERENCES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_SOLUTION_DEPLOY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_SOURCE_SETTINGS_tool.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_USER_PROPS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_USE_DEBUG_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_WINDOWS_TARGET_PLATFORM_MIN_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_WINRT_COMPONENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_WINRT_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/VS_WINRT_REFERENCES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/WATCOM_RUNTIME_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/WIN32_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/WINDOWS_EXPORT_ALL_SYMBOLS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_ATTRIBUTE_an-attribute.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_EMBED_FRAMEWORKS_CODE_SIGN_ON_COPY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_EMBED_FRAMEWORKS_REMOVE_HEADERS_ON_COPY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_EMBED_type.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_EMBED_type_CODE_SIGN_ON_COPY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_EMBED_type_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_EMBED_type_REMOVE_HEADERS_ON_COPY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_EXPLICIT_FILE_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_GENERATE_SCHEME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_LINK_BUILD_PHASE_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_PRODUCT_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_ADDRESS_SANITIZER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_ADDRESS_SANITIZER_USE_AFTER_RETURN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_ARGUMENTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_DEBUG_AS_ROOT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_DEBUG_DOCUMENT_VERSIONING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_DISABLE_MAIN_THREAD_CHECKER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_DYNAMIC_LIBRARY_LOADS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_DYNAMIC_LINKER_API_USAGE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_ENABLE_GPU_API_VALIDATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_ENABLE_GPU_FRAME_CAPTURE_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_ENABLE_GPU_SHADER_VALIDATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_ENVIRONMENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_GUARD_MALLOC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_LAUNCH_CONFIGURATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_LAUNCH_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_LLDB_INIT_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_MAIN_THREAD_CHECKER_STOP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_MALLOC_GUARD_EDGES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_MALLOC_SCRIBBLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_MALLOC_STACK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_TEST_CONFIGURATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_THREAD_SANITIZER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_THREAD_SANITIZER_STOP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_UNDEFINED_BEHAVIOUR_SANITIZER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_UNDEFINED_BEHAVIOUR_SANITIZER_STOP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_WORKING_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_SCHEME_ZOMBIE_OBJECTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCODE_XCCONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/XCTEST.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/COMPILE_PDB_NOTE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY-VALUES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/INTERFACE_BUILD_PROPERTY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/INTERFACE_LINK_LIBRARIES_DIRECT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/LINK_LIBRARIES_INDIRECTION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/MACOS_IMPORT_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/MSVC_DEBUG_INFORMATION_FORMAT-VALUES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/MSVC_RUNTIME_CHECKS-VALUES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/MSVC_RUNTIME_LIBRARY-VALUES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/PDB_NOTE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/STATIC_LIBRARY_OPTIONS_ARCHIVER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/Swift_COMPILATION_MODE-VALUES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/VERSION_SOVERSION_EXAMPLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/VS_USE_DEBUG_LIBRARIES-PURPOSE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/WATCOM_RUNTIME_LIBRARY-VALUES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/XXX_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/prop_tgt/include/XXX_OUTPUT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.0.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.1.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.10.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.11.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.12.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.13.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.14.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.15.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.16.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.17.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.18.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.19.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.2.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.20.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.21.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.22.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.23.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.24.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.25.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.26.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.27.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.28.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.29.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.3.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.30.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.31.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.4.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.5.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.6.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.7.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.8.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/3.9.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/4.0.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/4.1.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/dev.txt
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/release/index.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/AIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/ANDROID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/APPLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/BORLAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/BSD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/BUILD_SHARED_LIBS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/BUILD_TESTING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CACHE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ABSOLUTE_DESTINATION_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ADD_CUSTOM_COMMAND_DEPENDS_EXPLICIT_ONLY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ADSP_ROOT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AIX_EXPORT_ALL_SYMBOLS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AIX_SHARED_LIBRARY_ARCHIVE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_ANT_ADDITIONAL_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_API.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_API_MIN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_ARCH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_ARCH_ABI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_ARM_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_ARM_NEON.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_ASSETS_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_EXCEPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_GUI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_JAR_DEPENDENCIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_JAR_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_JAVA_SOURCE_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_NATIVE_LIB_DEPENDENCIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_NATIVE_LIB_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_NDK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_NDK_DEPRECATED_HEADERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_NDK_TOOLCHAIN_HOST_TAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_NDK_TOOLCHAIN_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_NDK_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_PROCESS_MAX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_PROGUARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_PROGUARD_CONFIG_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_RTTI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_SECURE_PROPS_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_SKIP_ANT_STEP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_STANDALONE_TOOLCHAIN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ANDROID_STL_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_APPBUNDLE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_APPLE_SILICON_PROCESSOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ARCHIVE_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ARCHIVE_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ARGC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ARGV0.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOGEN_BETTER_GRAPH_MULTI_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOGEN_COMMAND_LINE_LENGTH_MAX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOGEN_ORIGIN_DEPENDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOGEN_PARALLEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOGEN_USE_SYSTEM_INCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOGEN_VERBOSE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOMOC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOMOC_COMPILER_PREDEFINES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOMOC_DEPEND_FILTERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOMOC_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOMOC_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOMOC_MACRO_NAMES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOMOC_MOC_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOMOC_PATH_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOMOC_RELAXED_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTORCC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTORCC_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTORCC_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOUIC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOUIC_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOUIC_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_AUTOUIC_SEARCH_PATHS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_BACKWARDS_COMPATIBILITY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_BINARY_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_RPATH_USE_ORIGIN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_WITH_INSTALL_NAME_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_WITH_INSTALL_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CFG_INTDIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CLANG_VFS_OVERLAY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CL_64.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CODEBLOCKS_COMPILER_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CODEBLOCKS_EXCLUDE_EXTERNAL_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CODELITE_USE_TARGETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COLOR_DIAGNOSTICS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COMPILER_2005.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COMPILER_IS_GNUCC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COMPILER_IS_GNUCXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COMPILER_IS_GNUG77.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COMPILE_PDB_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COMPILE_PDB_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_COMPILE_WARNING_AS_ERROR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CONFIG_POSTFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CROSSCOMPILING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CROSSCOMPILING_EMULATOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CROSS_CONFIGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CTEST_ARGUMENTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_COMPILE_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_HOST_COMPILER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_RESOLVE_DEVICE_SYMBOLS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_SEPARABLE_COMPILATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CUDA_TOOLKIT_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CURRENT_FUNCTION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CURRENT_FUNCTION_LIST_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CURRENT_FUNCTION_LIST_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CURRENT_FUNCTION_LIST_LINE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_LINE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_IMPORT_STD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CXX_COMPILE_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CXX_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CXX_MODULE_STD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CXX_SCAN_FOR_MODULES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_C_COMPILE_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_C_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_C_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_C_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DEBUGGER_WORKING_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DEBUG_POSTFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DEBUG_TARGET_PROPERTIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DEFAULT_BUILD_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DEFAULT_CONFIGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DEPENDS_IN_PROJECT_ONLY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DEPENDS_USE_COMPILER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DIRECTORY_LABELS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DISABLE_FIND_PACKAGE_PackageName.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DISABLE_PRECOMPILE_HEADERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DLL_NAME_WITH_SOVERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DL_LIBS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DOTNET_SDK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DOTNET_TARGET_FRAMEWORK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_DOTNET_TARGET_FRAMEWORK_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ECLIPSE_GENERATE_LINKED_RESOURCES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ECLIPSE_GENERATE_SOURCE_PROJECT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ECLIPSE_MAKE_ARGUMENTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ECLIPSE_RESOURCE_ENCODING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ECLIPSE_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ENABLE_EXPORTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ERROR_DEPRECATED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ERROR_ON_ABSOLUTE_INSTALL_DESTINATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_ENABLE_EXPORTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_SUFFIX_LANG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXECUTE_PROCESS_COMMAND_ECHO.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXECUTE_PROCESS_COMMAND_ERROR_IS_FATAL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_CONFIG_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXPORT_BUILD_DATABASE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXPORT_FIND_PACKAGE_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXPORT_NO_PACKAGE_REGISTRY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXPORT_PACKAGE_REGISTRY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXPORT_SARIF.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXTRA_GENERATOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_EXTRA_SHARED_LIBRARY_SUFFIXES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_APPBUNDLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_DEBUG_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_DEBUG_MODE_NO_IMPLICIT_CONFIGURE_LOG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_FRAMEWORK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_LIBRARY_CUSTOM_LIB_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_LIBRARY_PREFIXES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_LIBRARY_SUFFIXES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_NO_INSTALL_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_NO_PACKAGE_REGISTRY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_NO_SYSTEM_PACKAGE_REGISTRY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_PREFER_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_REDIRECTS_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_RESOLVE_SYMLINKS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_SORT_DIRECTION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_SORT_ORDER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_TARGETS_GLOBAL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_WARN_NO_MODULE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_INCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_PACKAGE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_PROGRAM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_USE_CMAKE_ENVIRONMENT_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_USE_CMAKE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_USE_CMAKE_SYSTEM_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_USE_INSTALL_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_USE_PACKAGE_REGISTRY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_USE_PACKAGE_ROOT_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_USE_SYSTEM_ENVIRONMENT_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FIND_USE_SYSTEM_PACKAGE_REGISTRY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FOLDER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FRAMEWORK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FRAMEWORK_MULTI_CONFIG_POSTFIX_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_FRAMEWORK_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Fortran_FORMAT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Fortran_MODDIR_DEFAULT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Fortran_MODDIR_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Fortran_MODOUT_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Fortran_MODULE_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Fortran_PREPROCESS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GENERATOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GENERATOR_INSTANCE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GENERATOR_TOOLSET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GHS_NO_SOURCE_GROUP_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GLOBAL_AUTOGEN_TARGET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GLOBAL_AUTOGEN_TARGET_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GLOBAL_AUTORCC_TARGET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GLOBAL_AUTORCC_TARGET_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_GNUtoMS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HIP_ARCHITECTURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HIP_COMPILE_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HIP_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HIP_PLATFORM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HIP_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HIP_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_AIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_APPLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_BSD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_EXECUTABLE_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_LINUX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_SOLARIS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_SYSTEM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_SYSTEM_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_SYSTEM_PROCESSOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_SYSTEM_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_UNIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_HOST_WIN32.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_IGNORE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_IGNORE_PREFIX_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_IMPORT_LIBRARY_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_IMPORT_LIBRARY_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INCLUDE_CURRENT_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INCLUDE_CURRENT_DIR_IN_INTERFACE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES_BEFORE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES_PROJECT_BEFORE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INCLUDE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INSTALL_DEFAULT_COMPONENT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INSTALL_DEFAULT_DIRECTORY_PERMISSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INSTALL_MESSAGE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INSTALL_NAME_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX_INITIALIZED_TO_DEFAULT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INSTALL_REMOVE_ENVIRONMENT_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INSTALL_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INSTALL_RPATH_USE_LINK_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INTERNAL_PLATFORM_ABI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_IOS_INSTALL_COMBINED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ISPC_HEADER_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ISPC_HEADER_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ISPC_INSTRUCTION_SETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_JOB_POOLS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_JOB_POOL_COMPILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_JOB_POOL_LINK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_JOB_POOL_PRECOMPILE_HEADER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_KATE_FILES_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_KATE_MAKE_ARGUMENTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_ANDROID_TOOLCHAIN_MACHINE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_ANDROID_TOOLCHAIN_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_ANDROID_TOOLCHAIN_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_ARCHIVER_WRAPPER_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_ARCHIVER_WRAPPER_FLAG_SEP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_ARCHIVE_APPEND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_ARCHIVE_CREATE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_ARCHIVE_FINISH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_BYTE_ORDER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_CLANG_TIDY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_CLANG_TIDY_EXPORT_FIXES_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_ABI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_AR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_ARCHITECTURE_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_EXTERNAL_TOOLCHAIN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_FRONTEND_VARIANT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_LAUNCHER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_LINKER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_LINKER_FRONTEND_VARIANT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_LINKER_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_LINKER_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_LOADED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_PREDEFINES_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_RANLIB.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_TARGET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILER_VERSION_INTERNAL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_COMPILE_OBJECT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_CPPCHECK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_CPPLINT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_CREATE_SHARED_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_CREATE_SHARED_LIBRARY_ARCHIVE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_CREATE_SHARED_MODULE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_CREATE_STATIC_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_DEVICE_LINK_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_EXTENSIONS_DEFAULT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_CONFIG_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_DEBUG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_DEBUG_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_RELEASE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_RELEASE_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_HOST_COMPILER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_HOST_COMPILER_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_HOST_COMPILER_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_ICSTAT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_IGNORE_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_IMPLICIT_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_IMPLICIT_LINK_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_IMPLICIT_LINK_FRAMEWORK_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_IMPLICIT_LINK_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_INCLUDE_WHAT_YOU_USE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LIBRARY_ARCHITECTURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINKER_LAUNCHER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINKER_PREFERENCE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINKER_PREFERENCE_PROPAGATES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINKER_WRAPPER_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINKER_WRAPPER_FLAG_SEP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_DEF_FILE_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_GROUP_USING_FEATURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_GROUP_USING_FEATURE_SUPPORTED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_LIBRARY_FEATURE_ATTRIBUTES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_LIBRARY_FILE_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_LIBRARY_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_LIBRARY_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_LIBRARY_USING_FEATURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_LIBRARY_USING_FEATURE_SUPPORTED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_LINK_WHAT_YOU_USE_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_OUTPUT_EXTENSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_PLATFORM_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_SIMULATE_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_SIMULATE_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_SIZEOF_DATA_PTR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_SOURCE_FILE_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_STANDARD_DEFAULT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_STANDARD_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_STANDARD_LATEST.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_STANDARD_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_STANDARD_LINK_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_USING_LINKER_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_USING_LINKER_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LANG_VISIBILITY_PRESET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LIBRARY_ARCHITECTURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LIBRARY_ARCHITECTURE_REGEX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LIBRARY_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LIBRARY_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LIBRARY_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LIBRARY_PATH_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINKER_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_DEF_FILE_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_DEPENDS_NO_SHARED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_DEPENDS_USE_LINKER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_DIRECTORIES_BEFORE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_GROUP_USING_FEATURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_GROUP_USING_FEATURE_SUPPORTED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_INTERFACE_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_LIBRARIES_ONLY_TARGETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_LIBRARIES_STRATEGY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_LIBRARY_FEATURE_ATTRIBUTES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_LIBRARY_FILE_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_LIBRARY_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_LIBRARY_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_LIBRARY_USING_FEATURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_LIBRARY_USING_FEATURE_SUPPORTED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_SEARCH_END_STATIC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_SEARCH_START_STATIC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_WARNING_AS_ERROR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_WHAT_YOU_USE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LINK_WHAT_YOU_USE_CHECK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_LIST_FILE_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MACOSX_BUNDLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MACOSX_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MAJOR_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MAP_IMPORTED_CONFIG_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MATCH_COUNT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MATCH_n.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MAXIMUM_RECURSION_DEPTH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MESSAGE_CONTEXT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MESSAGE_CONTEXT_SHOW.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MESSAGE_INDENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MESSAGE_LOG_LEVEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MFC_FLAG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MINIMUM_REQUIRED_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MINOR_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_CONFIG_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MODULE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MSVCIDE_RUN_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MSVC_DEBUG_INFORMATION_FORMAT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MSVC_RUNTIME_CHECKS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_MSVC_RUNTIME_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_NETRC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_NETRC_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_NINJA_OUTPUT_PATH_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_NOT_USING_CONFIG_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_NO_BUILTIN_CHRPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_NO_SYSTEM_FROM_IMPORTED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OBJCXX_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OBJCXX_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OBJCXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OBJC_EXTENSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OBJC_STANDARD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OBJC_STANDARD_REQUIRED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OBJDUMP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OBJECT_PATH_MAX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OPTIMIZE_DEPENDENCIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OSX_ARCHITECTURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_OSX_SYSROOT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PARENT_LIST_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PATCH_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PCH_INSTANTIATE_TEMPLATES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PCH_WARN_INVALID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PDB_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PDB_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PKG_CONFIG_DISABLE_UNINSTALLED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PKG_CONFIG_PC_LIB_DIRS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PKG_CONFIG_PC_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PKG_CONFIG_SYSROOT_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PKG_CONFIG_TOP_BUILD_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PLATFORM_NO_VERSIONED_SONAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_POLICY_DEFAULT_CMPNNNN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_POLICY_VERSION_MINIMUM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_POLICY_WARNING_CMPNNNN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROGRAM_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_COMPAT_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_DESCRIPTION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_HOMEPAGE_URL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_INCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_INCLUDE_BEFORE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_PROJECT-NAME_INCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_PROJECT-NAME_INCLUDE_BEFORE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_TOP_LEVEL_INCLUDES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_VERSION_MAJOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_VERSION_MINOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_VERSION_PATCH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_PROJECT_VERSION_TWEAK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_RANLIB.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_REQUIRE_FIND_PACKAGE_PackageName.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_ROOT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_RULE_MESSAGES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SCRIPT_MODE_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_LIBRARY_ARCHIVE_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_LIBRARY_ENABLE_EXPORTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_LIBRARY_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_LIBRARY_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_CONFIG_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_MODULE_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SHARED_MODULE_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SKIP_BUILD_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_ALL_DEPENDENCY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RULES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SKIP_TEST_ALL_DEPENDENCY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_STAGING_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_STATIC_LIBRARY_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_STATIC_LIBRARY_SUFFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_CONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_CONFIG_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_INIT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SUBLIME_TEXT_2_ENV_SETTINGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SUBLIME_TEXT_2_EXCLUDE_BUILD_TREE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SUPPRESS_REGENERATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSROOT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSROOT_COMPILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSROOT_LINK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_APPBUNDLE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_FRAMEWORK_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_IGNORE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_IGNORE_PREFIX_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_INCLUDE_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_LIBRARY_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_PREFIX_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_PROCESSOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_PROGRAM_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_SYSTEM_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Swift_COMPILATION_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Swift_LANGUAGE_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Swift_MODULE_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_Swift_NUM_THREADS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TASKING_TOOLSET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TEST_LAUNCHER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TLS_CAINFO.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TLS_VERIFY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TLS_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TRY_COMPILE_CONFIGURATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TRY_COMPILE_NO_PLATFORM_VARIABLES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TRY_COMPILE_PLATFORM_VARIABLES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TRY_COMPILE_TARGET_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_TWEAK_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_UNITY_BUILD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_UNITY_BUILD_BATCH_SIZE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_UNITY_BUILD_RELOCATABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_UNITY_BUILD_UNIQUE_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_USER_MAKE_RULES_OVERRIDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_USER_MAKE_RULES_OVERRIDE_LANG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VERIFY_INTERFACE_HEADER_SETS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VISIBILITY_INLINES_HIDDEN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_DEBUGGER_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_DEBUGGER_COMMAND_ARGUMENTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_DEBUGGER_ENVIRONMENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_DEBUGGER_WORKING_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_DEVENV_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_GLOBALS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_INCLUDE_INSTALL_TO_DEFAULT_BUILD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_INCLUDE_PACKAGE_TO_DEFAULT_BUILD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_INTEL_Fortran_PROJECT_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_JUST_MY_CODE_DEBUGGING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_MSBUILD_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_NO_COMPILE_BATCHING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_NUGET_PACKAGE_RESTORE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_NsightTegra_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_PLATFORM_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_PLATFORM_NAME_DEFAULT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_PLATFORM_TOOLSET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_PLATFORM_TOOLSET_CUDA.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_PLATFORM_TOOLSET_CUDA_CUSTOM_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_PLATFORM_TOOLSET_FORTRAN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_PLATFORM_TOOLSET_HOST_ARCHITECTURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_PLATFORM_TOOLSET_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_SDK_EXCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_SDK_EXECUTABLE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_SDK_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_SDK_LIBRARY_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_SDK_LIBRARY_WINRT_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_SDK_REFERENCE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_SDK_SOURCE_DIRECTORIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_TARGET_FRAMEWORK_IDENTIFIER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_TARGET_FRAMEWORK_TARGETS_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_TARGET_FRAMEWORK_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_USE_DEBUG_LIBRARIES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_VERSION_BUILD_NUMBER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_WINDOWS_TARGET_PLATFORM_MIN_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_WINDOWS_TARGET_PLATFORM_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_WINDOWS_TARGET_PLATFORM_VERSION_MAXIMUM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_VS_WINRT_BY_DEFAULT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_WARN_DEPRECATED.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_WARN_ON_ABSOLUTE_INSTALL_DESTINATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_WATCOM_RUNTIME_LIBRARY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_WIN32_EXECUTABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_WINDOWS_EXPORT_ALL_SYMBOLS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_WINDOWS_KMDF_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_ATTRIBUTE_an-attribute.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_BUILD_SYSTEM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_GENERATE_SCHEME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_GENERATE_TOP_LEVEL_PROJECT_ONLY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_LINK_BUILD_PHASE_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_PLATFORM_TOOLSET.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_ADDRESS_SANITIZER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_ADDRESS_SANITIZER_USE_AFTER_RETURN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_DEBUG_DOCUMENT_VERSIONING.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_DISABLE_MAIN_THREAD_CHECKER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_DYNAMIC_LIBRARY_LOADS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_DYNAMIC_LINKER_API_USAGE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_ENABLE_GPU_API_VALIDATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_ENABLE_GPU_FRAME_CAPTURE_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_ENABLE_GPU_SHADER_VALIDATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_ENVIRONMENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_GUARD_MALLOC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_LAUNCH_CONFIGURATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_LAUNCH_MODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_LLDB_INIT_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_MAIN_THREAD_CHECKER_STOP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_MALLOC_GUARD_EDGES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_MALLOC_SCRIBBLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_MALLOC_STACK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_TEST_CONFIGURATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_THREAD_SANITIZER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_THREAD_SANITIZER_STOP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_UNDEFINED_BEHAVIOUR_SANITIZER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_UNDEFINED_BEHAVIOUR_SANITIZER_STOP.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_WORKING_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_SCHEME_ZOMBIE_OBJECTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CMAKE_XCODE_XCCONFIG.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CPACK_ABSOLUTE_DESTINATION_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CPACK_COMPONENT_INCLUDE_TOPLEVEL_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CPACK_CUSTOM_INSTALL_VARIABLES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CPACK_ERROR_ON_ABSOLUTE_INSTALL_DESTINATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CPACK_INCLUDE_TOPLEVEL_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CPACK_INSTALL_DEFAULT_DIRECTORY_PERMISSIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CPACK_PACKAGING_INSTALL_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CPACK_SET_DESTDIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CPACK_WARN_ON_ABSOLUTE_INSTALL_DESTINATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_BINARY_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_BUILD_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_BUILD_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_BZR_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_BZR_UPDATE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CHANGE_ID.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CHECKOUT_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CONFIGURATION_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CONFIGURE_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_COVERAGE_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_COVERAGE_EXTRA_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CURL_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_COVERAGE_EXCLUDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_ERROR_EXCEPTION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_ERROR_MATCH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_ERROR_POST_CONTEXT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_ERROR_PRE_CONTEXT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_MAXIMUM_FAILED_TEST_OUTPUT_SIZE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_ERRORS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_WARNINGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_MAXIMUM_PASSED_TEST_OUTPUT_SIZE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_MEMCHECK_IGNORE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_POST_MEMCHECK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_POST_TEST.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_PRE_MEMCHECK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_PRE_TEST.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_TESTS_IGNORE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_TEST_OUTPUT_TRUNCATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_WARNING_EXCEPTION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CUSTOM_WARNING_MATCH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CVS_CHECKOUT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CVS_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_CVS_UPDATE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_DROP_LOCATION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_DROP_METHOD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_DROP_SITE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_DROP_SITE_CDASH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_DROP_SITE_PASSWORD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_DROP_SITE_USER.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_EXTRA_COVERAGE_GLOB.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_EXTRA_SUBMIT_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_GIT_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_GIT_INIT_SUBMODULES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_GIT_UPDATE_CUSTOM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_GIT_UPDATE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_HG_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_HG_UPDATE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_LABELS_FOR_SUBPROJECTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_COMMAND_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_SANITIZER_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_SUPPRESSIONS_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_TYPE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_NIGHTLY_START_TIME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_NOTES_FILES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_P4_CLIENT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_P4_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_P4_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_P4_UPDATE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_RESOURCE_SPEC_FILE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_RUN_CURRENT_SCRIPT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_SCP_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_SCRIPT_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_SITE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_SOURCE_DIRECTORY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_SUBMIT_INACTIVITY_TIMEOUT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_SUBMIT_URL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_SVN_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_SVN_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_SVN_UPDATE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_TEST_LOAD.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_TEST_TIMEOUT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_TLS_VERIFY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_TLS_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_TRIGGER_SITE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_UPDATE_COMMAND.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_UPDATE_OPTIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_UPDATE_VERSION_ONLY.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_UPDATE_VERSION_OVERRIDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CTEST_USE_LAUNCHERS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/CYGWIN.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/ENV.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/EXECUTABLE_OUTPUT_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/GHSMULTI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/IOS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/LIBRARY_OUTPUT_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/LINUX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MINGW.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC10.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC11.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC12.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC14.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC60.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC70.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC71.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC80.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC90.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC_IDE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC_TOOLSET_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSVC_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/MSYS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_BINARY_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_COMPAT_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_DESCRIPTION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_HOMEPAGE_URL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_IS_TOP_LEVEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_SOURCE_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_VERSION_MAJOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_VERSION_MINOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_VERSION_PATCH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT-NAME_VERSION_TWEAK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_BINARY_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_COMPAT_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_DESCRIPTION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_HOMEPAGE_URL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_IS_TOP_LEVEL.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_NAME.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_VERSION_MAJOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_VERSION_MINOR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_VERSION_PATCH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PROJECT_VERSION_TWEAK.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/PackageName_ROOT.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/UNIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/WASI.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/WIN32.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/WINCE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/WINDOWS_PHONE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/WINDOWS_STORE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/XCODE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/XCODE_VERSION.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/CMAKE_FIND_LIBRARY_VAR.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/CMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_XXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/CMAKE_LINK_GROUP_USING_FEATURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/CMAKE_LINK_LIBRARY_USING_FEATURE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/CMAKE_OSX_VARIABLE.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/CMAKE_TLS_VERSION-VALUES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/CMAKE_VS_VERSION_BUILD_NUMBER_COMPONENTS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/CTEST_CUSTOM_XXX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/IGNORE_SEARCH_LOCATIONS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/IGNORE_SEARCH_NONSYSTEM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/IGNORE_SEARCH_PATH.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/IGNORE_SEARCH_PREFIX.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/IGNORE_SEARCH_SYSTEM.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/LINKER_FLAGS.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/LINKER_PREDEFINED_TYPES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/LINK_GROUP_PREDEFINED_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Help/variable/include/LINK_LIBRARY_PREDEFINED_FEATURES.rst
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/AddFileDependencies.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/AndroidTestUtilities.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/AndroidTestUtilities/PushToAndroidDevice.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/BasicConfigVersion-AnyNewerVersion.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/BasicConfigVersion-ExactVersion.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/BasicConfigVersion-SameMajorVersion.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/BasicConfigVersion-SameMinorVersion.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/BundleUtilities.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeASM-ATTInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeASMCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeASMInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeASM_MARMASMInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeASM_MASMInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeASM_NASMInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeAddFortranSubdirectory.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeAddFortranSubdirectory/build_mingw.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeAddFortranSubdirectory/config_mingw.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeAddNewLanguage.txt
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeBackwardCompatibilityC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeBackwardCompatibilityCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeBorlandFindMake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeBuildSettings.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCCompilerABI.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCCompilerId.c.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCInformation.cmake.orig
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCSharpCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCSharpCompilerId.cs.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCSharpInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCUDACompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCUDACompilerABI.cu
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCUDACompilerId.cu.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCUDAInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCXXCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCXXCompilerABI.cpp
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCXXCompilerId.cpp.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCXXInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCXXInformation.cmake.orig
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCheckCompilerFlagCommonPatterns.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCommonLanguageInclude.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCompilerABI.h
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCompilerCUDAArch.h
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeCompilerIdDetection.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeConfigurableFile.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDependentOption.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineASM-ATTCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineASMCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineASM_MARMASMCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineASM_MASMCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineASM_NASMCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineCCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineCSharpCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineCUDACompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineCXXCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineCompilerABI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineCompilerId.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineCompilerSupport.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineFortranCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineHIPCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineISPCCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineJavaCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineOBJCCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineOBJCXXCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineRCCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineSwiftCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineSystem.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeDetermineVSServicePack.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeExpandImportedTargets.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeExportBuildSettings.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeExtraGeneratorDetermineCompilerMacrosAndIncludeDirs.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindCodeBlocks.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindDependencyMacro.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindEclipseCDT4.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindFrameworks.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindJavaCommon.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindKate.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindPackageMode.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindSublimeText2.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindWMake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFindXCode.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeForceCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFortranCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFortranCompilerABI.F
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFortranCompilerABI.F90
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFortranCompilerId.F.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeFortranInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeGenericSystem.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeGraphVizOptions.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeHIPCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeHIPCompilerABI.hip
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeHIPCompilerId.hip.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeHIPInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeIOSInstallCombined.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeISPCCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeISPCCompilerABI.ispc
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeISPCCompilerId.ispc.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeISPCInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeImportBuildSettings.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeInitializeConfigs.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeJOMFindMake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeJavaCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeJavaInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeLanguageInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeMSYSFindMake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeMinGWFindMake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeNMakeFindMake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeNinjaFindMake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeOBJCCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeOBJCCompilerABI.m
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeOBJCCompilerId.m.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeOBJCInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeOBJCXXCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeOBJCXXCompilerABI.mm
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeOBJCXXCompilerId.mm.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeOBJCXXInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakePackageConfigHelpers.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeParseArguments.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeParseImplicitIncludeInfo.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeParseImplicitLinkInfo.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeParseLibraryArchitecture.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakePlatformId.h.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakePrintHelpers.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakePrintSystemInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakePushCheckState.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeRCCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeRCInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeSwiftCompiler.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeSwiftInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeSystem.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeSystemSpecificInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeSystemSpecificInitialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestASM-ATTCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestASMCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestASM_MARMASMCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestASM_MASMCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestASM_NASMCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestCCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestCSharpCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestCUDACompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestCXXCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestCompilerCommon.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestFortranCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestGNU.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestHIPCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestISPCCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestJavaCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestOBJCCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestOBJCXXCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestRCCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeTestSwiftCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeUnixFindMake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CMakeVerifyManifest.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CPack.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CPackComponent.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CPackIFW.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CPackIFWConfigureFile.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CSharpUtilities.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CTest.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CTestCoverageCollectGCOV.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CTestScriptMode.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CTestTargets.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CTestUseLaunchers.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CXX-DetectStdlib.h
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckCCompilerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckCSourceCompiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckCSourceRuns.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckCXXCompilerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckCXXSourceCompiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckCXXSourceRuns.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckCXXSymbolExists.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckCompilerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckForPthreads.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckFortranCompilerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckFortranFunctionExists.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckFortranSourceCompiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckFortranSourceRuns.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckFunctionExists.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckFunctionExists.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported/CMakeLists-C.txt.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported/CMakeLists-CXX.txt.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported/CMakeLists-Fortran.txt.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported/foo.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported/foo.cpp
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported/foo.f
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported/main.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported/main.cpp
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIPOSupported/main.f
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIncludeFile.c.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIncludeFile.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIncludeFile.cxx.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIncludeFileCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckIncludeFiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckLanguage.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckLibraryExists.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckLinkerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckOBJCCompilerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckOBJCSourceCompiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckOBJCSourceRuns.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckOBJCXXCompilerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckOBJCXXSourceCompiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckOBJCXXSourceRuns.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckPIESupported.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckPrototypeDefinition.c.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckPrototypeDefinition.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckSizeOf.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckSourceCompiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckSourceRuns.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckStructHasMember.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckSymbolExists.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckTypeSize.c.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckTypeSize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckTypeSizeMap.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckVariableExists.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CheckVariableExists.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ADSP-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ADSP-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ADSP-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ADSP-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ADSP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMCC-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMCC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMCC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMCC-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMCC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMClang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMClang-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMClang-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMClang-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/ARMClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Absoft-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Apple-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/AppleClang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/AppleClang-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/AppleClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/AppleClang-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/AppleClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/AppleClang-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/AppleClang-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/AppleClang-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Borland-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Bruce-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Bruce-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CCur-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CMakeCommonCompilerMacros.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-CXX-CXXImportStd.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-CXX-TestableFeatures.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-DetermineCompilerInternal.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-FindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Compaq-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Compaq-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Cray-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Cray-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Cray-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Cray-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Cray.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CrayClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CrayClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CrayClang-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CrayClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CrayPrgEnv-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CrayPrgEnv-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CrayPrgEnv-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/CrayPrgEnv.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Diab-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Diab-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Diab-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Diab-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Diab-FindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Diab.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Embarcadero-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Flang-FindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Flang-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Fujitsu-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Fujitsu-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Fujitsu-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Fujitsu-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Fujitsu.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/FujitsuClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/FujitsuClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/FujitsuClang-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/FujitsuClang-FindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/FujitsuClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/G95-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GHS-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GHS-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GHS-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GHS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-CXX-CXXImportStd.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-FindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/HP-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/HP-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/HP-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/HP-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/HP-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/HP-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IAR-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IAR-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IAR-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IAR-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IAR.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IBMCPP-C-DetermineVersionInternal.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IBMCPP-CXX-DetermineVersionInternal.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IBMClang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IBMClang-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IBMClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IBMClang-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IBMClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IBMClang-FindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IBMClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Intel-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Intel-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Intel-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Intel-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Intel-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Intel-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Intel-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Intel-ISPC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Intel.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IntelLLVM-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IntelLLVM-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IntelLLVM-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IntelLLVM-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IntelLLVM-FindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IntelLLVM-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/IntelLLVM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LCC-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LCC-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LCC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LCC-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LCC-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LCC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LCC-FindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LCC-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LCC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LFortran-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/LLVMFlang-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/MSVC-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/MSVC-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/MSVC-CXX-CXXImportStd.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/MSVC-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/MSVC-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/MSVC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NAG-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NVHPC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NVHPC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NVHPC-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NVHPC-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NVHPC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NVIDIA-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NVIDIA-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NVIDIA-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/NVIDIA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/OpenWatcom-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/OpenWatcom-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/OpenWatcom-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/OpenWatcom.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/OrangeC-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/OrangeC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/OrangeC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/OrangeC-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/OrangeC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PGI-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PGI-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PGI-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PGI-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PGI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PathScale-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PathScale-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PathScale-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PathScale-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/PathScale.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/QCC-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/QCC-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/QCC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/QCC-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/QCC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/QCC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Renesas-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Renesas-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Renesas-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Renesas-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Renesas-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Renesas.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SCO-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SCO-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SCO-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SCO.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SDCC-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SunPro-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SunPro-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SunPro-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SunPro-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SunPro-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SunPro-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SunPro-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SunPro-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/SunPro.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TI-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TI-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TI-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TI-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TIClang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TIClang-C-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TIClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TIClang-CXX-FeatureTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TIClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TIClang-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TIClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Tasking-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Tasking-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Tasking-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Tasking-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Tasking-FindBinUtils.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Tasking.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TinyCC-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/TinyCC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/VisualAge-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/VisualAge-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/VisualAge-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/VisualAge-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/VisualAge-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/Watcom-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XL-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XL-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XL-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XL-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XL-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XL-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XL-Fortran/cpp
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XLClang-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XLClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XLClang-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XLClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/XLClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/zOS-C-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Compiler/zOS-CXX-DetermineCompiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CompilerId/GHS_default.gpj.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CompilerId/GHS_lib.gpj.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CompilerId/VS-10.csproj.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CompilerId/VS-10.vcxproj.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CompilerId/VS-7.vcproj.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CompilerId/VS-Intel.vfproj.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CompilerId/VS-NsightTegra.vcxproj.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CompilerId/Xcode-3.pbxproj.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/CompilerId/main.swift.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Dart.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/DartConfiguration.tcl.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/DeployQt4.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Documentation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/DummyCXXFile.cxx
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalData.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalData_config.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/PatchInfo.txt.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/RepositoryInfo.txt.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/UpdateInfo.txt.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/cfgcmd.txt.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/download.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/extractfile.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/gitclone.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/gitupdate.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/hgclone.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/mkdirs.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/shared_internal_commands.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/stepscript.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ExternalProject/verify.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FLTKCompatibility.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FeatureSummary.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FetchContent.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FetchContent/CMakeLists.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FetchContent/package-config-version.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FetchContent/package-config.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindALSA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindASPELL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindAVIFile.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindArmadillo.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindBISON.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindBLAS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindBZip2.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindBacktrace.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindBoost.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindBullet.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCABLE.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCUDA/make2cmake.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCUDA/parse_cubin.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCUDA/run_nvcc.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCUDA/select_compute_arch.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCUDAToolkit.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCURL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCVS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCoin3D.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCups.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCurses.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCxxTest.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindCygwin.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindDCMTK.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindDart.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindDevIL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindDoxygen.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindEXPAT.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindEnvModules.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindFLEX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindFLTK.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindFLTK2.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindFontconfig.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindFreetype.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGCCXML.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGDAL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGIF.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGLEW.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGLU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGLUT.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGSL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGTK.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGTK2.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGTest.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGettext.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGit.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGnuTLS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindGnuplot.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindHDF5.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindHSPELL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindHTMLHelp.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindHg.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindICU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindIce.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindIconv.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindIcotool.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindImageMagick.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindIntl.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindJNI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindJPEG.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindJasper.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindJava.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindKDE3.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindKDE4.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLAPACK.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLATEX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLTTngUST.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLibArchive.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLibLZMA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLibXml2.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLibXslt.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLibinput.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLua.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLua50.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindLua51.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMFC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMPEG.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMPEG2.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMPI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMPI/fortranparam_mpi.f90.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMPI/libver_mpi.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMPI/libver_mpi.f90.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMPI/mpiver.f90.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMPI/test_mpi.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMPI/test_mpi.f90.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMatlab.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMotif.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindMsys.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindODBC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindOpenACC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindOpenAL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindOpenCL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindOpenGL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindOpenMP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindOpenSP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindOpenSSL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindOpenSceneGraph.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindOpenThreads.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPHP4.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPNG.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPackageHandleStandardArgs.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPackageMessage.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPatch.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPerl.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPerlLibs.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPhysFS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPike.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPkgConfig.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPostgreSQL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindProducer.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindProtobuf.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPython.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPython/Support.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPython2.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPython3.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPythonInterp.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindPythonLibs.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindQt.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindQt3.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindQt4.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindQuickTime.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindRTI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindRuby.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSDL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSDL_gfx.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSDL_image.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSDL_mixer.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSDL_net.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSDL_sound.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSDL_ttf.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSQLite3.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSWIG.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSelfPackers.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSquish.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindSubversion.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindTCL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindTIFF.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindTclStub.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindTclsh.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindThreads.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindUnixCommands.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindVulkan.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindWget.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindWish.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindX11.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindXCTest.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindXMLRPC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindXalanC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindXercesC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindZLIB.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Findosg.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgAnimation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgDB.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgFX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgGA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgIntrospection.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgManipulator.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgParticle.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgPresentation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgProducer.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgQt.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgShadow.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgSim.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgTerrain.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgText.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgUtil.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgViewer.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgVolume.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindosgWidget.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Findosg_functions.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindwxWidgets.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FindwxWindows.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/CMakeLists.txt
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/Detect.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/Input.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/MYMODULE.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/MY_MODULE.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/Macro.h.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/Output.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/Verify/CMakeLists.txt
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/Verify/VerifyC.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/Verify/VerifyCXX.cxx
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/Verify/VerifyFortran.f
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/Verify/main.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/call_mod.f90
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/call_sub.f
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/main.F
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/my_module.f90
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/my_module_.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/my_sub.f
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/mymodule.f90
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/mymodule_.c
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/mysub.f
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/FortranCInterface/symbol.c.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/GNUInstallDirs.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/GenerateExportHeader.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/GetPrerequisites.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/GoogleTest.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/GoogleTestAddTests.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ITKCompatibility.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/InstallRequiredSystemLibraries.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/IntelVSImplicitPath/CMakeLists.txt
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/IntelVSImplicitPath/detect.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/IntelVSImplicitPath/hello.f
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/AppleArchitectureSelection.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/ApplePlatformSelection.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeASM-ATTLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeASMLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeASM_MARMASMLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeASM_MASMLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeASM_NASMLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeCLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeCUDAArchitecturesAll.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeCUDAArchitecturesNative.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeCUDAArchitecturesValidate.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeCUDAFilterImplicitLibs.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeCUDAFindToolkit.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeCUDALinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeCXXLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeCommonLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeDetermineLinkerId.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeFortranLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeHIPLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectASM-ATTLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectASMLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectASM_MARMASMLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectASM_MASMLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectASM_NASMLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectCLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectCUDALinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectCXXLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectFortranLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectHIPLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectOBJCLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectOBJCXXLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeInspectSwiftLinker.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeNVCCFilterImplicitInfo.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeNVCCParseImplicitInfo.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeOBJCLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeOBJCXXLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeParseCompilerArchitectureId.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeSwiftLinkerInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CMakeTryCompilerOrLinkerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.DS_Store.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.Description.plist.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.Info.plist.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.NuGet.nuspec.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.OSXX11.Info.plist.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.OSXX11.main.scpt.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.RuntimeScript.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.STGZ_Header.sh.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.VolumeIcon.icns.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.background.png.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPack.distribution.dist.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPackDeb.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPackExternal.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPackFreeBSD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPackNuGet.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPackRPM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPackWIX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/CPackZIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/ISComponents.pas
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/ISScript.template.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/NSIS.InstallOptions.ini.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/NSIS.template.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/WIX-v3/WIX.template.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CPack/WIX.template.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CheckCompilerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CheckFlagCommonConfig.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CheckLinkerFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CheckSourceCompiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/CheckSourceRuns.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/FeatureTesting.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/HeaderpadWorkaround.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/OSRelease/010-TryOldCentOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Internal/OSRelease/020-TryDebianVersion.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/KDE3Macros.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AIX-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AIX-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AIX-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AIX-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AIX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AppleClang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AppleClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AppleClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AppleClang-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AppleClang-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/AppleClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNU-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNU-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNUgold-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNUgold-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNUgold-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNUgold-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNUgold-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNUgold-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/GNUgold.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/LLD-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/LLD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/LLD-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/LLD-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/LLD-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/LLD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MOLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MOLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MOLD-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MOLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MOLD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MOLD-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MOLD-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MOLD-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MOLD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MSVC-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MSVC-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MSVC-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MSVC-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/MSVC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/Solaris-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/Solaris-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/Solaris-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/Solaris-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Linker/Solaris.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/MacOSXBundleInfo.plist.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/MacOSXFrameworkInfo.plist.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/MacroAddFileDependencies.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/MatlabTestsRedirect.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/ADSP-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/ADSP-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/ADSP-Common.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/ADSP-Determine.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/ADSP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-IBMClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-IBMClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-IBMClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-LLVMFlang-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-VisualAge-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-VisualAge-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-VisualAge-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-XL-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-XL-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-XL-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-XL-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-XL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-XLClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-XLClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX-XLClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/AIX/ExportImportList
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/ARTOS-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/ARTOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-Clang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-Common.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-Determine-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-Determine.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/Determine-Compiler-NDK.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/Determine-Compiler-Standalone.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/Determine-Compiler.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/VCXProjInspect.vcxproj.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-arm64-v8a-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-arm64-v8a-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-armeabi-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-armeabi-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-armeabi-v6-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-armeabi-v6-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-armeabi-v7a-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-armeabi-v7a-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-common-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-common-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-common.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-mips-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-mips-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-mips64-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-mips64-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-riscv64-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-x86-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-x86-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-x86_64-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/abi-x86_64-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-c++.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-c++_shared.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-c++_static.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-gabi++.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-gabi++_shared.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-gabi++_static.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-gnustl.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-gnustl_shared.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-gnustl_static.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-none.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-stlport.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-stlport_shared.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-stlport_static.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Android/ndk-stl-system.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Absoft-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Apple-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-AppleClang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-AppleClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-AppleClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-AppleClang-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-AppleClang-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Clang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Clang-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Clang-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-GNU-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-GNU-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Intel-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Intel-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Intel-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-Intel.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-IntelLLVM-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-IntelLLVM-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-IntelLLVM-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-IntelLLVM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-NAG-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-NVIDIA-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-PGI-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-PGI-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-PGI-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-PGI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-VisualAge-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-VisualAge-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-XL-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Apple-XL-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BSDOS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BSDOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BeOS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BeOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneL-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneL.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-base.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-dynamic-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-dynamic-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-dynamic-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-dynamic-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-dynamic-XL-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-dynamic-XL-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-dynamic-XL-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-dynamic.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-static-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-static-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-static-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-static-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-static-XL-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-static-XL-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-static-XL-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneP-static.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-base.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-dynamic-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-dynamic-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-dynamic-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-dynamic-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-dynamic-XL-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-dynamic-XL-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-dynamic-XL-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-dynamic.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-static-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-static-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-static-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-static-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-static-XL-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-static-XL-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-static-XL-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/BlueGeneQ-static.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN-windres.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CYGWIN.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Catamount-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Catamount.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CrayLinuxEnvironment-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/CrayLinuxEnvironment.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/DOS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/DOS-OpenWatcom-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/DOS-OpenWatcom-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/DOS-OpenWatcom.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/DOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Darwin-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Darwin-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Darwin.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/DragonFly-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/DragonFly.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Euros.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/FreeBSD-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/FreeBSD-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/FreeBSD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Fuchsia-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Fuchsia.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GHS-MULTI-Determine.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GHS-MULTI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GNU-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GNU-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GNU-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GNU-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GNU-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GNUtoMS_lib.bat.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/GNUtoMS_lib.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Generic-ADSP-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Generic-ADSP-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Generic-ADSP-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Generic-ADSP-Common.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Generic-ELF.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Generic-SDCC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Generic.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-HP-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-HP-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-HP-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-HP-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-HP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/HP-UX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Haiku-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Haiku.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/AIX-AIX-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/AIX-AIX-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/AIX-AIX-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/AIX-AIX-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/AIX-AIX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/AIX-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/AIX-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/AIX-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/AIX-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Android-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Android-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Android-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Android-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Android-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Android-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Android-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Android-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Android-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-AppleClang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-AppleClang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-AppleClang-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-AppleClang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-AppleClang-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-AppleClang-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-AppleClang-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-AppleClang-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-AppleClang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-LLD-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-LLD-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-MOLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-MOLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-MOLD-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-MOLD-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Apple-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/BSD-Linker-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-LLD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/CYGWIN-LLD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/DragonFly-LLD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-LLD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/FreeBSD-LLD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Haiku-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Haiku-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Haiku-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Haiku-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Haiku-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Haiku-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Haiku-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Haiku-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Haiku-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNU-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNU-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNU-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNUgold-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNUgold-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNUgold-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNUgold-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNUgold-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNUgold-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-GNUgold-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-LLD-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-LLD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-LLD-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-LLD-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-LLD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-MOLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-MOLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-MOLD-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-MOLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-MOLD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-MOLD-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-MOLD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Linux-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MSYS-LLD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MirBSD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MirBSD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MirBSD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MirBSD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MirBSD-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MirBSD-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MirBSD-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/MirBSD-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/NetBSD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/NetBSD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/NetBSD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/NetBSD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/NetBSD-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/NetBSD-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/NetBSD-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/NetBSD-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/NetBSD-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-LLD-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/OpenBSD-LLD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SerenityOS-LLD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-Solaris-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-Solaris-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-Solaris-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-Solaris-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/SunOS-Solaris.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-GNU-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-LLD-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-LLD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-MSVC-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-MSVC-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-MSVC-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-MSVC-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-MSVC-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-MSVC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/Windows-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsCE-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsCE-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsCE-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsCE-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsKernelModeDriver-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsKernelModeDriver-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsKernelModeDriver-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsKernelModeDriver-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-MSVC-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-MSVC-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsPhone-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-LLD-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-LLD-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-LLD-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-MSVC-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-MSVC-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linker/WindowsStore-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Absoft-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Apple-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-CCur-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Clang-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Fujitsu-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Fujitsu-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Fujitsu.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Intel-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Intel-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Intel-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-Intel.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-IntelLLVM-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-IntelLLVM-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-IntelLLVM-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-IntelLLVM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-LCC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-LCC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-LCC-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-LCC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-LLVMFlang-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-NAG-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-NVHPC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-NVHPC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-NVHPC-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-NVHPC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-NVIDIA-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-OpenWatcom-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-OpenWatcom-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-OpenWatcom.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-PGI-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-PGI-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-PGI-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-PGI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-PathScale-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-PathScale-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-PathScale-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-PathScale.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-SunPro-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-TinyCC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-VisualAge-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-VisualAge-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-VisualAge-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-XL-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-XL-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-XL-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux-como.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Linux.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MP-RAS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MP-RAS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS-windres.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MSYS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Midipix-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Midipix.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/MirBSD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/NetBSD-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/NetBSD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OHOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OS2-OpenWatcom-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OS2-OpenWatcom-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OS2-OpenWatcom.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OS2.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OSF1-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OSF1.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OpenBSD-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OpenBSD.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OpenVMS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/OpenVMS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/QNX-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/QNX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/RISCos-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/RISCos.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SCO_SV-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SCO_SV.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SINIX-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SINIX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SerenityOS-Clang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SerenityOS-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SerenityOS-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SerenityOS-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SerenityOS-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SerenityOS-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SerenityOS-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SerenityOS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SerenityOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-PathScale-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-PathScale-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-PathScale-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS-PathScale.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/SunOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Tru64-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Tru64.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/ULTRIX-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/ULTRIX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/UNIX_SV-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/UNIX_SV.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/UnixPaths.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/UnixWare-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/UnixWare.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WASI-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WASI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Apple-Swift.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Borland-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Borland-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Clang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Clang-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Clang-HIP.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Clang-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Clang-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Clang.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Embarcadero-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Embarcadero-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Embarcadero.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Flang-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-G95-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-C-ABI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-CXX-ABI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-Fortran-ABI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-OBJC-ABI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-OBJC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-OBJCXX-ABI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU-OBJCXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-GNU.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Intel-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Intel-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Intel-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Intel-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Intel-ISPC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Intel.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-IntelLLVM-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-IntelLLVM-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-IntelLLVM-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-IntelLLVM-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-IntelLLVM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-LLVMFlang-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-MSVC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-NVIDIA-CUDA.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-OpenWatcom-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-OpenWatcom-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-OpenWatcom.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-OrangeC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-OrangeC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-OrangeC.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-PGI-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-PGI-Fortran.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-PGI.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Watcom-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-Watcom-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-df.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows-windres.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows3x-OpenWatcom-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows3x-OpenWatcom-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows3x-OpenWatcom.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Windows3x.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsCE-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsCE-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsCE-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsCE.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsKernelModeDriver-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsKernelModeDriver-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsKernelModeDriver-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsKernelModeDriver.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPaths.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone-Clang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsPhone.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore-Clang-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore-Clang-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore-Clang-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore-GNU-ASM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore-GNU-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore-GNU-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore-MSVC-C.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore-MSVC-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/WindowsStore.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Xenix-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/Xenix.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/eCos-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/eCos.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/gas.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/iOS-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/iOS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/iOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/syllable-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/syllable.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/tvOS-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/tvOS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/tvOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/visionOS-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/visionOS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/visionOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/watchOS-Determine-CXX.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/watchOS-Initialize.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Platform/watchOS.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ProcessorCount.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Qt4ConfigDependentSettings.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Qt4Macros.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/SelectLibraryConfigurations.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Squish4RunTestCase.bat
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Squish4RunTestCase.sh
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/SquishRunTestCase.bat
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/SquishRunTestCase.sh
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/SquishTestScript.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/SystemInformation.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/SystemInformation.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestBigEndian.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestCXXAcceptsFlag.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestEndianness.c.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestForANSIForScope.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestForANSIStreamHeaders.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestForANSIStreamHeaders.cxx
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestForAnsiForScope.cxx
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestForSSTREAM.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestForSSTREAM.cxx
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestForSTDNamespace.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/TestForSTDNamespace.cxx
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UseEcos.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UseJava.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UseJava/ClassFilelist.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UseJava/ClearClassFiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UseJava/Symlinks.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UseJava/javaTargets.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UsePkgConfig.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UseQt4.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UseSWIG.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UseSWIG/ManageSupportFiles.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/Use_wxWindows.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/UsewxWidgets.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/VTKCompatibility.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/WriteBasicConfigVersionFile.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/WriteCompilerDetectionHeader.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/ecos_clean.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/exportheader.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/kde3init_dummy.cpp.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/kde3uic.cmake
share/${PKGNAME}/Modules/readme.txt
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/AppleInfo.plist
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/CMakeVSMacros1.vsmacros
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/CMakeVSMacros2.vsmacros
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/CPack.GenericDescription.txt
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/CPack.GenericLicense.txt
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/CPack.GenericWelcome.txt
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/CPackConfig.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/CTestScript.cmake.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/CustomBuildDepFile.targets
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_CL.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_CSharp.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_Cuda.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_CudaHost.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_LIB.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_Link.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_MARMASM.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_MASM.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_NASM.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v10_RC.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v11_CL.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v11_CSharp.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v11_LIB.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v11_Link.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v11_MASM.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v11_RC.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v12_CL.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v12_CSharp.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v12_LIB.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v12_Link.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v12_MASM.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v12_RC.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v140_CL.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v140_CSharp.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v140_Link.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v141_CL.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v141_CSharp.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v141_Link.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v142_CL.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v142_CSharp.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v142_Link.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v143_CL.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v143_CSharp.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v143_Link.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v14_LIB.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v14_MASM.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/FlagTables/v14_RC.json
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/nasm.props.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/nasm.targets
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/MSBuild/nasm.xml
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/TestDriver.cxx.in
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/Windows/ApplicationIcon.png
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/Windows/Logo.png
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/Windows/SmallLogo.png
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/Windows/SmallLogo44x44.png
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/Windows/SplashScreen.png
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/Windows/StoreLogo.png
share/${PKGNAME}/Templates/Windows/Windows_TemporaryKey.pfx
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/CONTRIBUTORS.rst
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/LICENSE.rst
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/cmcppdap/NOTICE
share/doc/${PKGNAME}/cmsys/Copyright.txt
share/emacs/site-lisp/cmake-mode.el
share/vim/vimfiles/indent/cmake.vim
share/vim/vimfiles/syntax/cmake.vim
